Yeah.
And and transport it through a space ship onto another planet and you could look
through its eyes because you're somehow or another connected to it.
The same way they're connected to the study lights.
Oh No,
you're all being prepared.
Clothes where your bow hunting and all that.
You just saw the 1950s diagram of the VR goggles.
Can we pull this famous photo of a,
you don't believe in any aliens,
Eddie.
I don't believe they come from up there.
Pull up their inner dimensional.
I think they're from the same place.
We're all worthy.
All think we're in this vast plain and there's a lot of those employees.
They got us in closed in this little thing.
Or Eddie,
you learned.
Here's the thing,
you learn what the plan is by the attack.
They don't want us having kids.
They want us to moralized.
They want to break this down and they don't want us to think we could expand and
they don't want us to believe that their space,
and I'm not trying to attack you,
but they don't want third dimensional resource expansion.
I don't even know what that is.
They don't want us
third dimensional resource expansion.
Yeah.
What does that mean?
Well,
I don't,
I don't know if I want this guy or not.
That's a 1950s diagram.
No,
I saw that.
I'm glad he found the pattern.
Yeah,
that's crazy.
And told me,
Oh,
we have virtual reality.
And then I talked to the scientist and he put me in touch with somebody else and
then I found out other stuff.
Let's just say this.
I'm not in the CIA.
Me Neither.
I'm not in the NSA.
But they'd been tracking me my whole life.
Mm.
You think they'd give you disinformation sometimes?
You're still absolutely.
For sure.
It was the CIA.
It was the former deputy director,
basically the CIA section,
chief founder,
founder of Delta Force who got me to like a two weeks.
She goes,
Alex,
you're not saying sandy hook stage.
You need to go Shay Sandy Hook stage.
He goes,
oh,
we have the people were there and just because he was famous Mit scientist and
stuff,
I went with that.
So do you think about today already had AI computers?
Probably.
I'm speculating,
looking way out to set me.
I mean,
I don't know.
I'm sure there's people setting everybody up.
If you think I told you about this,
I don't know if I've told you about,
I've told people that listen to this podcast,
but this woman Renee to Resta and she had a podcast with Sam Harris where they
went into detail about the operation that people use to troll Facebook pages and
Instagram pages and create,
these were the Russians had created these troll bots and these meme pages where
the hundreds of thousands of Hawaiians are,
rushes are all doing it.
Everyone's doing it.
Everyone's doing.
I do that just Russians are.
Yeah,
everyone's doing.
But the thing that was fascinating was she was saying that they organized a
Muslim event across the street from a Protex is event.
Yeah,
well they want explosive.
They would have black lives matter next to blue lives matter.
They'd set everybody up with every person that blue lives matter is a lot.
Dan Morrison at film school here in California,
trained on by the CIA.
What was he trained on?
Trade on?
Can I,
can I hear this?
[inaudible] said this before and I've said that they don't in the podcast,
so I'll keep going.
I gotta pee.
I'm not going.
I gotta wait.
You gotta pee again,
please?
Just let me go first.